Add Bigtable (#2370)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Apache Spark](https://github.com/awesome-spark/awesome-spark#readme) - Unified engine for large-scale data processing.
- [Qlik](https://github.com/ambster-public/awesome-qlik#readme) - Business intelligence platform for data visualization, analytics, and reporting apps.
- [Splunk](https://github.com/sduff/awesome-splunk#readme) - Platform for searching, monitoring, and analyzing structured and unstructured machine-generated big data in real-time.

> - [Google Bigtable](https://github.com/zrosenbauer/awesome-bigtable) - Fully managed wide-column and key-value NoSQL database service on Google Cloud Platform.

Reviewer: > The title of your entry should be title-cased and the URL to your list should end in #readme.

> - [Google Bigtable](https://github.com/zrosenbauer/awesome-bigtable#readme) - Fully managed wide-column and key-value NoSQL database service on Google Cloud Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Bigtable](https://github.com/zrosenbauer/awesome-bigtable#readme) - A fully managed, scalable NoSQL database service for large analytical and operational workloads.
```
